Let the fun commence.
'Ex on the Beach is back.'
'Eight new, unsuspecting singles
are looking for love.'
'But what they don't know is...'
Fuck.
'...there are more exes
than ever before.'
My arse fell out of my shorts.
You cheated on me!
Stop acting the fucking big man!
You are my best friend
and I wouldn't do that to you!
'And they're flying in
from everywhere.'
(cheering)
'Some exes want romance.'
I do really, really love him.
'Some want revenge.'
(screaming)
Let go now!
No one fucking likes you!
See you later.
'And others just want
to wreck the gaff.'
(shattering)
That'll be someone's head.
'As always, the Tablet of Terror
is topping up the torment.'
Gonna be fireworks.
'Causing misery.'
(crying)
You will never, ever have me again.
'Mayhem.'
Fucking dickhead.
(screaming)
'And madness.'
'It's gonna get explosive.'
You fucking what?
'Five exes have already arrived.'
'Whose...'
Slag, slag, slag, slag, slag.
'...ex...'
'...is...'
'...next?'
My heart is breaking.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I woke up. I'm a little rough,
but it was nice to spend my night
in the penthouse with ZaraLena.
I could've got a shag with Maisie,
by I do fancy ZaraLena,
so I'm gonna play the waiting game.
I'm not gonna play too long though.
Pissed off
that ZaraLena's come downstairs,
after not only spending
the night with Aaron.
She peacocking about it in my face.
You gave him a kiss and fell asleep.
As soon as sees that Aaron sees
that ZaraLena's dry,
I'm gonna jump on that cock.
I must say, you look like
a different woman, to be honest.
Well, what can I say?
(they laugh)
Right now, I've got Aaron
on my mind, priority number one.
Finally, someone actually fit
has come into the villa.
My head is turned.
Head's all over the place.
I told you all that I like her
and she's in the penthouse
with Aaron. I'd rather it be me.
I'd love to spend time with her.
Last night I was mortified
and I wanted to go home
cos Sean told us that he's liked her
all along. What the fuck?
I'm not going anywhere today.
I'm not giving him that much space.
I'm gonna watch
what he gets up to with Zara.
Harriette kicks off again with Jack.
You don't wanna see me happy.
It's a bit annoying. The fact that
the girl that I'm seeing
is arguing with her ex.
At the end of the day, I beat him
once. I'll beat him again.
I'm not getting involved with this.
We're pretty solid right now.
This is gonna work, so...
You're browner than me as well.
I can't really read Nicole.
I don't know if she thinks I'm
a joke, a friend or she likes me.
I feel like I'm doing limbo
and I'm stuck underneath.
Me and Josh, we're really close.
He's a good-looking boy.
I fancy him.
Want me to rub sun cream
on your back, Nic?
At the same time, I feel like I just
love my ex, Jack Fraser, so much
and he's not here.
I don't feel like I can sleep
with anyone else.
I wouldn't be able
to physically do it.
(chuckles)
'Nicole's ex, Jack Fraser,
is on her mind,
but will he be on his way?
Whose ex is next?'
(maniacal laughter)
(tablet chimes)
Oh, for fuck's sake.
The fucking Tablet of Terror.
"Morning, everyone. It's date time
for Sean and ZaraLena."
Nice one, Tablet of Terror,
you twat.
"Be prepared to get slippery
and wet."
I'm done with their relationship.
It's getting way too awkward
and that's Sean's fault, not mine.
This is gonna be slightly awkward.
I'm looking at Zahida straight away.
You can tell she ain't happy.
If them two wanna crack on,
then let them be.
There's plenty of girls
that I can go for.
Enjoy yourself. Don't smile.
Have a good day, mate.
If there's been a kiss,
I'm not gonna be impressed.
And she will know
that I'm not impressed.
'Sean's been given a second chance
with ZaraLena,
but will he be getting that
sinking feeling all over again?'
Oh, my fucking God. Graceful.
Things were said between us.
I've got the opportunity
to find out how she feels.
What's the crack with Aaron?
You stayed in the penthouse.
I was a little bit gutted.
I do fancy Aaron and he is my type,
but I'm getting vibes
that he is a bit of a player.
I've made it clear to Aaron, I don't
wanna be a girl he fucks and chucks.
I don't wanna make
a dick of myself.
I'm gonna see what happens there,
but if he fucks me about, I'm gone.
I'm not gonna lie, we do click.
Yeah.
If Zahida wasn't here,
then things would 100% be different,
but she is here
and this is the problem.
We came here as singles,
at the end of the day.
He cracked on with Zahida.
He should've been patient.
He jumped in dick first
and he's fucked his options.
I think, for now,
we are just friends.
'ZaraLena has put an end
to Sean's games,
but the Tablet of Terror's
just started playing.'
'Ross, Josh and Nicole
have been sent to the beach.'
I'm a nervous wreck.
I'm like a shitting dog.
I'm absolutely shitting myself. My
arsehole has got its own heartbeat.
It could be one of mine.
Everything's going decent for me.
I've sorted things with Harriette.
She wants to be with me.
And now an ex could be coming.
I'm shitting it.
You two are getting close.
I've been grafting on Nicole.
The last thing I need
is a girl coming out of this sea
and fucking it all up for me.
I'm fucking nervous as fuck.
I soiled my underwear.
I've got two exes,
Adam and Jack Fraser.
Adam, I don't talk to him.
Adam, I was with for
a year and a half. He cheated on me.
My ex Jack, obviously,
I still, like, love.
I've never had a closure in the
last couple weeks so I can move on.
Oh, mate.
Fuck this.
I'm fucking shitting myself.
Oh, fuck, it is Adam.
Is that your ex?
(laughs) Is that your ex?
What's happening, mate?
You all right?
That's a relief.
This is the shittest thing possible
that could've come today.
What if she's in love
with the geezer? Then I'm fucked.
Are you Nic's ex?
I don't like him. He cheated on me.
Adam ain't nothing
but a baked bean mug.
I'm Adam. I'm from north London.
Most of the girls I get with
turn psycho on me.
Start to attack me, scratch my car.
(laughs)
I've only had one serious girlfriend,
Nicole.
She found out I cheated.
That turned her a bit crazy.
I'm here to tell Nicole
to leave me alone
cos she's single, I'm single and
she's still trying to cock block me.
You all right, Nicole?
Yeah, you?
Yeah, I'm good.
How are you?
Fine, thanks.
I've come here to tell you
to stop cock blocking me.
Nicole's jealous. We're not together
and she won't let girls near me.
She's messaging girls,
"Stay away from Adam."
No, I didn't. I never spoke to her.
I couldn't give a shit if you
shagged someone in front of me.
Don't look at this girl like
she's some lovely girl. She's not.
They know me. I ain't a psycho.
I'm not a psycho.
She's a fucking liar.
You fucked me over.
You cheated on me.
I never done nothing to you.
You've come here, giving it to me
for something I said.
You should've been respectful,
gone, "Hi, Nic, you all right?"
But you can't do that. You cheated
on me! You cheated on me!
You cheated on me!
What the fuck's going on here?
Who does Adam think he is,
giving her shit?
What are you doing?
Don't square up to me.
You've come up to me.
He starts coming at me,
getting in my face. Come on, mate.
Why so much anger?
Shut your mouth.
Don't tell me to shut up.
Why have you got so much anger?
What are you squaring up to him for?
Why have you got so much anger? It
can't be over that. That's pathetic.
He upset about a lot more
than he's letting on, mate.
The way he just acted, that would
not be over me cock blocking him.
That would be because he's hurt.
Horrible little cunt, mate.
Fucking girl.
It's clear Adam and Nicole
have history.
I don't feel like it's love.
It's hate.
(tablet chimes)
Oh, for fuck's sake.
"Welcome to the beach, Adam."
"You're off on a date with Nicole,
but will you stir up
any old emotions?"
Is this happening?
Why don't you go before
it starts getting heated again?
What are you playing at?
He's just come at me
like no tomorrow
and now I've gotta go
on a date with him. Seriously?
All right.
Adam and Nicole need to have a chat.
I don't wanna be there.
That's gonna be fucked, mate.
Yeah.
Nicole's fucking annoying me.
Hopefully we can talk like adults.
I'm on this date with Adam
and we're sitting there in silence.
It's fucking awkward.
The only good thing is that we're
cocktail making and I need a drink.
'Ah, nothing like a pint of vodka
to wash away your worries.'
'The daters might be silent, but
Ross and Josh are back from the beach
with plenty to say about Adam.'
I don't think that date
with Nicole and Adam can last long.
I think it's a "You're a dick.
Drink in your face. Fuck off."
No one's gonna get on with Adam.
He's come in full speed.
Gone in hard. I think he's a prick.
'While the boys get their backs up,
Zahida's mind is elsewhere.'
Don't know what to think. The worst
version of events, for me, to unfold
would be that Sean and ZaraLena
have had a kiss.
I don't think I can trust Zara.
Heya.
OK? Did you have fun together?
No.
Zara and Sean walk in.
She's wearing this shit black dress.
She looks like a slutty Voldemort.
You look a bit nervous.
Yeah, it was a good date.
Did you kiss each other?
No, we didn't.
Why do you look so nervous?
I feel like ZaraLena is into Sean,
but I feel like she's a lot more
scared about what Zahida would do.
Sean told me how he felt.
I put him straight.
I'm not interested.
It's simple as that.
Zara fancies Aaron. That's sweet.
I'll go back to Zahida.
I've said who I fancy.
I don't think Sean's took it very
well, but ZaraLena is fucking mine.
Hello.
Hi. You have nothing to worry about.
Here we go.
Everything's straight now.
I've said I'm not interested.
He made his decision
when he came in.
I've never looked at him like that,
so that's it.
She's still fucking looking at me
like there's still an issue.
Girl, get it in your head.
I do not want your sloppy seconds.
He's getting me involved in
a love triangle I don't wanna be in.
There's no love there for me,
so why am I in it?
I still fucking hate her.
'The silent standoff is over
and Adam's ready to reveal
the source of his rage.'
The reason why I got pissed off
is because I never got
emotionally attached with no one.
When I broke up with Nicole,
she straight away went
into a relationship and it hurt me.
Straight going into a relationship,
not even within a month
of us breaking up.
That hurt me.
Me and Nicole was together every day
for a long time, so...
...yeah, it was hard to get over her
when I see her.
I wanted to get that off my chest.
I'm glad you got it off your chest,
but you've gotta remember
that you cheated on me
and I was broken and you know I was.
And then our relationship
fell apart.
I might've got with Jack Fraser
fairly quickly,
but you can't put a time on love.
I met someone else who treated me
like a princess
and not like what you did.
What does Adam expect me to do, sit
and cry for him? I don't think so.
All right, I don't wanna argue
with you the whole time.
I'm gonna leave it as that.
I don't think we resolved anything.
It's best we just leave it behind us.
'As the villa awaits Nicole and Adam,
the boys are getting territorial
about the arrival of the new ex.'
What's he like?
Aggressive as fuck, mate.
Adam ain't coming to my villa
And telling us fuck off.
He can fuck off.
They should come back and be civil.
If Adam comes in here and pipes up
to Nicole while I'm here,
I will tell him straight away.
He sounds like a dick.
There's no chance
he's getting in Nicole's face.
Guys, guys, we've got some arrivals.
How's it going? nice to meet you.
'Oh, you really showed him.'
To be fair, he seems like a good lad.
Shakes my hand and apologises.
I actually like him. Top guy.
How're you feeling?
Straight away,
he said sorry to Josh and Ross.
I thought he was gonna kick off.
At least you've come back
on a bit of a happy vibe.
The boys seem to be
up Adam's ass a little bit.
I've never seen guys act like that.
I only thought girls done that.
(they laugh)
'The boys are laughing,
but the joke will be on them
when the next ex invades the villa.'
'Whose ex is next?'
'Sean's attempt to make a move
on ZaraLena
has got the girls fired up.'
'And they're going full-on feminist
for their fellow sister.'
As girls, we need to kind of tell
you how we feel about you and Sean.
Should I get pissed
before this is said?
No, I think you should stay sober.
He tells you how he feels last night
and you kind of put things to bed
a bit, didn't you?
And then you go
and got in bed with him.
I do feel like she's gonna get
seriously hurt.
It's a fucking comfort.
It's not the end of the world.
It's just some fucking
sex, kissing and cuddling.
Sorry, girls, how does it concern you
that I wanna get wet?
The problem is it's affecting
us girls now,
especially me,
cos you are clearly bothered.
ZaraLena,
I don't care about your opinion.
Shut the fuck up
and get out of my face.
He says he fancies me,
everyone's down my throat.
I'm pissed off.
It's not fair on everyone else.
(belches) That is what I think about
what you just said.
'Girl... power?'
'The villa's at ease
after the new arrival.'
'But Adam has even more bad news
for Nicole.'
Nicole's been banging on about her ex
and how he was better than me
and how he treated he better.
but I know a few secrets
about her ex.
Well, a friend of mine told me they
see your boyfriend at the time...
Jack?
Jack.
I found out he cheated on her.
A girl leave his room,
about 6.00, 7.00 in the morning.
I just feel absolutely mortified
right now.
It's just so hard.
I didn't... Well, I couldn't tell you
at the time, obviously.
I didn't feel good telling Nicole.
I knew it'd hurt her.
But I'd rather tell her now rather
than her hearing about it later.
I'm a good girl and you know I am.
I'm loyal. I was loyal to you.
I never cheated on you
and I never would've.
It's the same when I got with Jack.
I stood by him like I stood by you.
I just feel like I've been
completely mugged off.
I wish Jack was here
so I could ask him.
I just feel
absolutely heartbroken over it.
That is one of the hardest things
I've ever had to face.
I proper, proper did love him
and I do.
I would never be able
to forgive him for that.
I told Josh that Adam told me
I've been cheated on again.
He was just like,
"Fucking hell, Nic."
I think he actually
does feel for me, to be fair.
Nicole thinks every geezer
is shit and cheats.
I don't do that. I'm a nice guy.
And I hope that
she can see that in me.
She's the only girl I like in here.
I feel heartbroken, but I've got
Josh that will help me through it.
That's the way forward
at the moment.
I've gotta time it right.
It's all about precision and timing
in this place.
'Tonight in the villa, taking
your time seems to be on trend.'
Neither of us have not had sex yet.
When I like somebody,
I do it properly.
I'm gonna make him mine.
Last night, me and Aaron,
we had a bit of a kiss and a cuddle.
Tonight will be the same story.
'And although Zahida hasn't taken
the girls' advice,
she definitely taking something.'
I'm not gonna listen
to what the girls say.
If I wanna bed Sean, I'll bed him.
I woke up this morning next to Sean.
After everything, I've still got him
wrapped around my little finger.
He still put his willy in us.
I have no idea what's going on.
She's cracking on with Aaron.
It's none of her business.
She needs to stay out of it.
'Me and Zara ended up in bed again
last night, but it's only cuddles.
Basically, if Zaralena doesn't put
out, the only other option is Maisie.
I need a minute with Aaron,
where we can have a chat,
put our cards on the table.
I need ZaraLena to fuck off
for a bit.
I took Nicole up to the penthouse,
woke up, she's nowhere
to be fucking seen.
(laughs) What the fuck do I do?
It was a right nice sleep thought,
wasn't it?
I don't know what the crack is.
I feel like Nicole
goes for the bad boys.
I need to throw in
that I've cheated on my ex bird
and then she might go with me.
It took Josh about an hour yesterday
to make me smile.
I just feel so sad. It's like
I've got a hole in my heart
and that can't go
until I know the truth.
I'm not sure if I believe Adam.
I don't know what's real
and what's not.
She came down this morning,
Zara did,
and said to me, "You've done a good
job of staying away from Zahida."
Zara, just, fucking hell, who are
you? I don't even know who you are.
I think I need to talk to her.
It's not that. It's what you've said.
"Nice job staying away from Z."
I'm getting so bored
being involved in her drama.
I thought he was leading you on.
What the hell
has it got to do with you?
Next time,
I'll keep my big gob shut.
She doesn't want us to get with him.
It's probably cos she fancies Sean.
That girl's gonna have a shit night.
'Zahida can't curb her jealously.'
'But will the green-eyed monster
strike when the next ex washes up?'
'Whose ex is next?'
'The competition for love
is heating up,
so the Tablet of Terror
has sent the singles go-karting
to stir up
some not-so-friendly rivalries.'
(all) Three, two, one, Green Team!
Adam vs Josh. Exes vs exes.
I've been put on Garfield's team.
(all) One, two, three (indistinct)
Ross is against Jack.
There's been competition. I don't
think it's gonna be different today.
Jack, I've nicked your bird.
I'm gonna take the trophy.
I'm gonna fucking smash Josh.
No chance of winning.
I can beat him on the track
And I'm gonna beat him
to get Nicole.
He's shit at this, he is.
Ross is a bit of a racer.
We've been in competition
the whole time.
Don't know when Jack's gonna realise
he shouldn't compete with me.
Fuck off, mate.
'Action on the track might be over,
but Josh's race to win Nicole
is still miles off the finish line.'
What actually happened with Nicole?
I don't really know myself.
I feel a bit in limbo.
I don't know
what's going wrong with Nicole.
I've got the looks.
I've got decent chat.
Maybe Harriette can point me
in the right direction.
I've got to know you
and I think your joker side
takes over your sensitive side.
I know I'm a joker,
but this is a bit of a front
because I can't be serious with her
in case I get fucked off.
You've got to tell her, you know,
how you do really feel.
Josh has to be the man in this
and step up and tell her
how he really feels.
I think tonight would be
a really good idea.
We've had such a good day.
It's all been light-hearted.
Yeah.
I think tonight would be perfect.
If he plays his cards right,
I think things could go really far
with them two.
I'm gonna pull her up
and confirm everything with her.
Good boy.
Thanks for giving advice, sister.
My fingers and toes are crossed.
'Ah, for once,
it's smiles all around.'
That's never gonna last.'
(tablet chimes)
(all groan)
"Hello, everyone, it's date time."
"Aaron and Maisie, when you've
finished polishing your helmets,
you're heading
for a smashing time together."
ZaraLena's got face like a slapped
arse. Wait, it's always like that.
How do you feel, Zara?
It is what it is.
He knows the score. It's up to him.
If he wants to go there,
the ball's in his court.
But I won't be waiting if he does.
I'm not gonna mug her off.
And he'll get rewarded tonight.
Oh!
I've given my word to ZaraLena,
so I hope she'll fucking trust us.
Come on, then, pet. (indistinct)
Hi.
You OK?
You good, man?
Hiya. You OK?
We turn up here
and we're smashing plates.
At the end of the day, the only
thing I want smashed is my vagina.
Smash it more than four times...
OK.
...it means that you will have
good sex.
If I smash this into four pieces,
I'm gonna be good at sex.
Mate, I'll smash this cunt
into next week, you fucking radgie.
Opa!
That was the worst...
More than four!
I've never thrown a plate
so fucking hard in my life.
Opa.
Three, two, one.
(shrieks)
That's what happened
last time I seen you.
That's how you ended up inside me.
(laughs)
Maisie couldn't be any more forward.
She might as well take her clothes
off and get on my fucking plate.
I wanna put it on the table.
You know where I stand.
I'm quite honest in my opinions.
I don't wanna be mugged off.
If he wants to have fun,
come with me.
If you wanna fall asleep
with a cuddle, go back to Zara.
I sort of know Zara a bit.
Yeah.
And she a bit, like, sly.
Aaron is wasting his time.
Just sack Zara off.
I would never mug a friend off.
I class her as a friend.
But the fact that I gave Zara my
word, I would never go back on that.
I know Zara. She's not gonna put
out. Better luck next time, Aaron.
I'm not here forever.
Neither am I, babe.
Exactly, so let's have a bit of fun.
You know where I am.
Sorry, babe, I'm out of action.
'After his pep talk
with agony aunt Harriette,
Josh has finally got Nicole away
from prying eyes.'
Why are you over here all alone?
I wanna have a chat with you.
Harriette given me some advice.
I'm gonna sit down with Nicole
and have a chat with her
and air out how I feel about her.
What's the crack between us two?
(laughs)
This is really hard
because he is such a good friend.
I don't wanna fuck that up.
I do like you,
but, obviously, I'm not ready to...
Move on.
Not at the moment.
I don't know where I stand
in my own life to make a decision.
Would you be pissed off if other
girls come in and I cracked on?
Yeah, I probably would be
a bit pissed off
cos I'm so used to being with you.
I don't think she's playing us. I
think she don't know what she wants.
I do like you as more than a friend.
In the future, you'd be the first
person that I would speak to.
He would be the perfect boyfriend,
but at this moment in time,
I have no answers for him.
Things progress slowly.
The best things in life
are slowly progressed.
So... So that's what you're saying.
We're progressing slowly.
It's like baby steps.
Basically, yeah.
All right.
I like Josh, but I need to know,
has Jack cheated on me?
I need to lay it out on the table
so my head can then be clear,
totally,
so that I don't hurt anyone.
'While the villa await
Maisie and Aaron,
they've decided
to impersonate each other.'
'Good thing they can all
take a joke.'
I've come here to tell you
to stop cock blocking me.
If I wanna crack on with girls,
don't get involved.
(groans)
Oi, Maisie, what the fuck
did you say, you cunt?
(they laugh)
Yeah, that's me, isn't it?
I got a question. Hey, Nic,
how about me and you...
(they laugh)
It was Josh down to a T.
It comes to me and I know exactly
who I'm gonna do.
I'm doing an impression of Zara.
Everyone's having a really good time,
but I just need to distance myself.
(they laugh)
I can't be bothered with this.
It's really grinding on me.
Zara's not happy when someone
does an impression of her.
Take it with a pinch of salt.
Everyone in here is fake.
I've never said that.
Basically, Zahida's just gone in
on ZaraLena.
I never said everyone was fake.
Be careful.
Stop taking it so seriously.
You're like the Grim Reaper,
sucking people's lives and souls
out of the party.
I feel like I die
every time I see her.
Oi, oi!
Oh, there he is!
(indistinct shouting)
If this is more shit, give me
my fucking suitcase cos I'm gone.
What's happened on your date
and how was it?
We went to a Greek restaurant.
Smashing plates.
Tablet of Terror went off
and sent a photo of you two kissing.
(laughs)
That's a lie.
We didn't.
Josh is a little shit.
Let's be honest.
If I give someone my word,
I ain't gonna go back.
Aaron's proved himself tonight.
He's the only person and only reason
I'm still in that fucking villa
dealing with this shit.
'After his earlier chat with Nicole,
Josh is now feeling hopeful
about their future.'
I said, what if we come out of here
and we're the same.
She was like,
"I'll come and see you."
She keeps boys on standby
so when one drops her,
she picks up the other.
I just wanna see how it goes.
Do you think it will go that route?
It won't though.
Listen, I'm letting you know now.
She's clever.
What do you mean, she's clever?
She still loves this ex-boyfriend.
Adam is stirring shit for Nicole.
To be perfectly honest,
I feel like he still
is madly in love with Nicole.
Let me talk to you.
I'm confused.
I don't know what's happening.
Dude, I put my cards on the table.
I said, "Would you be pissed off
if I cracked on?"
She was like, "Basically."
You know what it is?
She's doing this game with you.
She's saying... Mate, she knows, when
she gets out, it wouldn't be that.
I feel like she's confused
in this situation,
but you have the pick of the bunch.
You choose and that's it.
I'm not a fucking option.
Shouldn't you be
in that conversation, babe?
Why don't you, another ex,
go get involved?
I knew he was going to.
You go throw your two pence in it...
Shut up.
...while Nicole's not here.
What are we talking about?
They're not helping.
They're stirring it.
All I'm gonna say, babe,
is exes will stir shit.
Why are you earwigging?
I just think it's funny,
you two getting your 2p's in.
I'll say it to her.
I ain't scared of no one.
I know they're not talking
anything good.
I'm not gonna have it.
Yeah.
Sit back.
Aaron's picked up on the fact
I'm not happy. I'm not being myself.
Everyone's got something to say,
but it's... I can't deal with it.
ZaraLena is a tough girl, but if
someone's going at you every day,
you're gonna crack.
He's the only person
that's got my back.
Every time Zahida's angry,
she kicks off.
Thank God Aaron's got my back.
Respect, babe.
The fact I like ZaraLena and
she's upset, I'm gonna lose my shit.
Aaron walks past us
and he looks fucking raging,
so I'm like, "What's the matter?"
What the fuck? Get over it. I did
an impression of her in a game.
You're a fucking bully!
It wasn't just me!
Don't you dare use that word on me.
You're a dickhead. Who are you
talking to, you fucking idiot?
It's all kicking off.
What the fuck is going on?
(indistinct)
Get over it! It's a fucking game!
I don't care if it's a girl
or a boy.
If someone's singled out,
then I'm gonna stand up.
You're a fucking bully.
Fucking bully? Yeah, man.
You're the bully.
Aaron is going mental.
I have so much respect for him
right now.
Is you fancy Zara,
that's not her fault.
Zara's the one manipulating everyone
and playing a game.
Zara, I'm not having someone
come up to me and call me a bully.
That's not me! That's Aaron!
Because of you.
I didn't crack on with Sean.
Shut the fuck up!
That's got fuck all to do with it.
Zip your fucking mouth
and let me speak for once!
Never talk about your feelings.
I didn't say it. It was Aaron.
Cos of what you said.
Fuck you, Zahida,
you fucking knobhead.
Bullshit. Bullshit.
I'm sick of being
the only nice person in that villa
and the only one getting this shit.
(sighs)
'As the embers of the last row
are starting to cool,
Harriette decides to spark up
another fire.'
I've just stuck up for you.
You just sat there
and had a chat with Josh
and Tweedledee and Tweedledum
are getting their 2p's in.
I have no idea why Adam's
so interested in my conversation.
Adam goes, "Let me talk to you."
Pulls me to one side
and I went, "An ex is gonna get his
2p's in the mix and fuck that."
Which is what they've done.
It's not Adam's business,
but he's got involved.
So, what conversations
are you lot having?
Nothing about you.
Hold it a minute. Fuck off.
Nicole comes over
to put her two pence in.
I said to you,
if another girl comes...
You'd be pissed off.
You said you'd be pissed off.
Hold on.
You said you'll be pissed off.
She's still lying.
She's saying she loves Jack, yeah?
So why would you be pissed off
if you go with another bird?
I do love him.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm not leading Josh on.
We've come in here as friends.
Adam's just being a troublemaker,
as usual.
Two of our exes are in his ear.
I didn't like it.
Wait, wait.
You told me to go over there.
I was being sarcastic. I said
to you, "Go put your 2p's in."
Oh, my God.
As in, have a laugh.
I'm not even getting involved.
It's not worth an argument.
You said go over there.
It was sarcasm.
Again,
Harriette and Jack are arguing.
I don't have a clue
what they're arguing about.
Who the fuck
are you getting lairy to?
What is your even point in here?
I don't like you any more.
Nicole don't like you any more.
All you're doing is stirring shit.
I said, "Go put your 2p's in."
No, you didn't.
You said go get involved.
Yeah, I was being sarcastic
cos she's your ex.
I'm not gonna respect the girl,
piping up at me
when I basically sat back
and let her do what she wants.
Wait, when Jack come over...
Why are you guys shouting at her?
Wait, what...
Listen! You've got involved
in the Josh thing.
Adam and Jack have got their self
so deeply involved.
I haven't done anything wrong
since I've been here.
You already spoiled my time in here.
Nic, I swear to God...
You haven't even told me the truth.
She's fucking mad.
She's pissed off that she found out
the truth about Jack Fraser.
I feel like everything you do
is to try and hurt me.
I've told her as a friend
and she's thrown it back in my face.
Are you fucking bonkers?
I don't know that.
Have I spoken to him?
I don't know
whether you're lying or not.
I think Adam's bothered by the fact
that I wouldn't go back to him.
He's being jealous kid
spitting his toys out of the pram.
You're well in denial, Adam.
'Nicole's staying loyal
to the man she loves,
but will her world fall apart
when he finally arrives?'
'Whose ex is next?'
(maniacal laughter)
'After an argument-filled night
in the villa,
everyone seems to be exhausted.'
'Well, maybe not everyone.'
Mate, what the fuck, mate? Mais.
we open the curtain
and see the fucking bed outside
just romping back and forward.
She needs to fucking shut up.
Me and Adam are twiddling our thumbs
watching them going at it.
We can barely get a kiss
on the lips off these birds.
After everything,
me and Sean are back on.
There's no getting away from me.
I'm your future, Sean.
'Will Nicole confess
her secret adoration?'
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org